[ Man Narrating ]
It has been said that magic...
vanished from our world
a long time ago,
and that humanity can no longer fulfill
its desires through the power of wishes.
To those who have lost
the wondrous vision of childhood eyes,
submitted here
is the story of a little boy...
and a magical Christmas wish
that changed his life forever.
It began in 1985,
in a town just outside Boston.
It was Christmas Eve, and
all the children were in high spirits--
that special time of year
when Boston children gather together...
and beat up the Jewish kids.
- Hey, Greenbaum!
- Uh-oh.
- Get him!
- [ Boy ] Yeah, get him!
- Yeah! Get him, guys! Get him, guys!
- [ All Shouting ]
But there was one child who wasn't
in such good spirits--
Little John Bennett, that one boy
in every neighborhood...
who just has
a tough time making friends.
Hey, guys. Can I play?
Get out of here, Bennett.
Get lost, Bennett!
- Get out of here, Bennett.
- Yeah, Bennett. Get lost.
[ Shouting Resumes ]
John longed with all his heart for that
one true friend that he could
call his own.
And he knew that if he ever
found that friend,
he would never let him go.
Well, as it does every year,
Christmas morning finally came.
All the children were opening their gifts
with holiday glee.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
And for little John Bennett, Christmas
day brought a very special new arrival.
- Wow!
- [ Father Chuckles ]
I guess Santa paid attention
to how good you were this year, huh?
Merry Christmas, John.
- I love you!
- He talks!
I'm gonna name you Teddy.
[ Narrator ] John became instantly
attached to Teddy.
There was something
about that bear...
that made him feel
as if he finally had a friend...
with whom he could share
his deepest secrets.
[ Teddy ]
I love you!
I love you too, Teddy.
You know, I wish you could
really talk to me,
because then we could be
best friends forever and ever.
[ Narrator ] Now, if there's one thing
you can be sure of,
it's that nothing is more powerful
than a young boy's wish.
Except an Apache helicopter.
An Apache helicopter
has machine guns and missiles.
It is an unbelievably impressive
complement of weaponry,
an absolute death machine.
Well, as it turned out,
John picked the perfect night
to make a wish.
[ Birds Chirping ]
Teddy?
[ Closet Door Opens ]
Hug me!
[ Screams ]
You're my best friend, John.
Did you--
Did you just talk?
Don't look so surprised.
You're the one who wished
for it, aren't you?
Yeah.
I did wish for it.
Well, here I am.
You mean, we get to be
best friends for real?
- For real.
- Forever and ever?
Sounds good to me.
John was just about
the happiest boy in the world,
and he couldn't wait
to tell everyone the good news.
Mom, Dad. Guess what.
My teddy bear's alive!
[ Chuckles ] Really? Well,
isn't that exciting?
No, Mom.
He's really alive. Look!
Merry Christmas, everybody!
[ Screams ]
Jesus H. Fuck!
- Let's all be best friends.
- Oh, my God!
John, get away from that thing.
Get over here, right now.
- But, Dad--
- Get over here!
[ Mother ]
Listen to your mother! Come here!
Helen, get my gun.
Dad, no!
- Is it a hugging gun?
- Helen, get my gun and call the police!
I'm sorry, Mr. Bennett.
I didn't mean to scare anybody.
I just wanted John and I
to be friends.
Yeah, Dad. I made a wish
last night that Teddy was alive,
and my wish came true.
Oh, my God.
It's a miracle.
It's a Christmas miracle.
You're just like
the baby Jesus.
Well, it wasn't long...
before the story of John's little miracle
was sweeping the nation.
Out of a Boston suburb comes what is,
without a doubt, the most incredible story
A young boy's stuffed animal has magically
come to life for as yet unknown reasons.
Look what Jesus did!
Before long, Teddy had become
a huge celebrity in his own right.
** [ Band: Instrumental ]
[ Applause ]
** [ Ends ]
Hello, Teddy.
[ Applause Fades ]
[ Scattered Laughter ]
You-- You were, uh--
You surprise me. I--
For some reason I thought
you were gonna be taller.
I thought you were
gonna be funnier.
[ Laughter, Applause ]
But through all the fame--
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
Teddy never forgot
his very best friend, John.
[ John ] The thunder
can't get us, right?
[ Ted ] Nope. We're thunder buddies,
and the thunder knows it.
[ Thunder Continues ]
We're totally safe.
Teddy?
Yeah, John?
Do you promise
we'll always be together?
I promise.
[ Loud Thunderclap ]
- Thunder buddies for life.
And that was a promise
that neither one of them ever forgot.
So, where are John
and Teddy today?
Well, let me
put it this way--
No matter how big a splash
you make in this world,
whether you're Corey Feldman,
Frankie Muniz,
Justin Bieber
or a talking teddy bear,
eventually
nobody gives a shit.
** [ Orchestra: Big Band Jazz ]
[ Woman ] * My words are lazy
My thoughts are hazy *
* But this is one thing
I'm sure of *
* Everybody needs
a best friend *
* I'm happy I'm yours
* You got a double
who brings you trouble *
* And though you're better
without me *
* Everybody needs
a best friend *
* I'm happy I'm yours
* A fool could see decidedly
* That you're a 10
and I'm a three *
* A royal breed
is what you need *
* So how do you come to be stuck
with a bummer like me? *
* You got a head full
of someone dreadful *
* But how
the someone adores you *
* Everybody needs
a best friend *
* I'm happy I'm yours
** [ Continues ]
* A fool could see decidedly
* That you're a 10
and I'm a three *
* A royal breed
is what you need *
* So how do you come to be stuck
with a bummer like me? *
* Oh, you got a head full
of someone dreadful *
* And yet at last,
that someone adores you *
* Everybody needs
a best friend *
* I'm happy I'm yours
* I'm just a clown,
and I'll bring you down *
* But you just don't care
* 'Cause your
best friend is me *
** [ Continues ]
** [ Ends ]
[ Water Bubbling ]
[ TV, Indistinct ]
[ Coughs ]
Do I dare look at the clock?
Look. All I'm saying
is that Boston women are, on the whole,
a paler, uglier sort than women from
the else wheres of life.
That's bullshit.
What about Lori? She's hot.
No. Lori's from Pennsylvania.
That's not a Boston girl.
They're not that bad. The fact that you
have to say "They're not that bad"...
means that they are
that bad.
Did you ever hear
a Boston girl have an orgasm?
[ South Boston Accent ]
Oh, yeah!
Harder! Harder!
Oh, God. That was so good.
Now I'm gonna stuff my fucking face
with Pepperidge Farm.
[ Coughs ]
Jesus. This is weak.
It's not even getting me high.
I gotta have a talk with my weed guy.
It's working for me.
I think it sucks. I'm gonna
have a talk with him.
I don't know that you
wanna go to a drug dealer with complaints.
No, this--
I know this guy a long time.
I've known him since 9/11.
You remember?
I was, like, "Aw, shit, 9/11.
I gotta get high."
Is it 9:30?
Yeah.
Shit. I gotta get to work.
I don't know
if I can drive.
It's okay. I'll drive you.
I feel fine.
[ Tires Screech ]
Fuck!
Ah, shit.
Oh, man.
Oh, Johnny. I'm sorry, man. That car
just came out of nowhere.
Oh, God. Is it bad?
- Oh, man.
- John.
May I speak with you, please?
- Shit. - It's all right.
Go, go, go. I'll pull outta here.
Hi, Thomas. How are you?
[ Loud Scraping ]
[ Metal Clattering ]
[ Tires Screech ]
[ Man ] Asshole!
[ Ted ] That's my bad.
I was sending a tweet.
John, it's almost 10:00.
I know, sir. I'm sorry.
It wasn't my fault.
What do
you mean?
Well, I-I--
I guess I wasn't really prepared for
a follow-up question.
John, all you gotta do
is not fuck up...
and you get my job when
I go to corporate next month.
You're the new branch manager.
All you gotta do is not fuck up.
- Oh, I realize that.
- Good. Glad to hear it.
'Cause in a month,
my life could be your life--
a cushy $38,000-a-year
branch manager...
who's personal friends
with Tom Skerritt.
Not a bad life, is it?
No.
I'm gonna show you
something I don't like to show people,
'cause I don't want 'em
treating me differently.
[ Drawer Opens ]
Boom. That's me and Skerritt.
Wow.
Goddamn right, wow.
I'm gonna dock you
for dinging the car...
and for showing up
late today, all right?
Try and be a little
more responsible tomorrow.
I will, sir. I promise.
I'm not gonna
let you down, Goose.
What?
Top Gun.
So?
Tom Skerritt.
I know that.
Get out of here, okay?
Thank you, sir.
All right. Here's your keys, your rental
agreement, complimentary map of Boston.
Thank you for choosing Liberty.
Drive safely.
- Thanks.
- Thanks so much.
Heard you got busted.
Jesus, Guy. You look like shit, man.
What happened?
I don't know. I got fucking wasted
last night.
And, uh, my phone says I texted someone at
3:15, asking them to beat me up,
and then at 4:30,
I texted the same person saying, "Thanks."
And you don't remember it?
No. Same as last time.
I mean-- It just seems
kinda gay, doesn't it?
I don't know.
Maybe. Yeah.
Do you think you're part of some, like,
gay beat-up underworld?
Like one of those
gay beat-up clubs or something?
I don't know.
I dig chicks, man.
I don't remember any of it. I was so
fucked up. I might be gay. I don't know.
Hey, do you mind
covering for me for a bit?
I might go
lay down in the john.
- Hey, buddies. Where is it hanging?
- Hey, Alix. What's up?
- You get in the club last night?
- I didn't get in...
because the bouncer was douche-face,
but I made friends in the line.
Oh. That's good, I guess.
Hey, guys?
Anybody know a nice restaurant,
like something where they give out free
bubble gum in the bathrooms?
- For what? - Lori and I have
been dating four years tomorrow.
I want to take her
someplace really nice.
Oh, congratulations, John.
[ Guy ] You guys have been going out
for four years?
My longest relationship
was, like, six months,
and then she farted
in her sleep.
I'm like, "I'm outta here, man."
I was gone before she woke up.
Wow. You're not
very tolerant, huh?
- Lori ever fart in front of you?
- Yeah.
- Really?
- Yeah. Many times.
- You Italian?
- No.
- Why?
- Never mind. Take her to Benihana.
John, look. Don't you think
after four years,
maybe she's hoping for something
more than dinner?
- Like what?
- I don't know, but if it were me,
I'd be expecting a proposal.
Oh, come on. Nobody's expecting
anybody to propose.
I mean, marriage isn't--
I-I mean, isn't love enough?
I mean, I submit
that love is enough.
You can put the ring
in her ass, let her fart it out.
** [ Rock ]
* Flash Ahhh, ahhh *
* Savior of the universe
So bad, but so good.
Hey, by the way,
don't let me forget.
You and I gotta nail down
a plan for the Bruins game tomorrow night.
No, I can't. I'm taking
Lori to dinner. For what?
Well, we've been dating
four years tomorrow.
Oh, fuck me. Nice.
You know,
let me ask you something.
I mean, you don't think she's gonna be
expecting something big, do you?
What, like anal?
No, like a fucking
circular gold thing on the finger.
Oh, fuck that.
It's been four years, Johnny.
You and me have been together
for 27 years. Where's my ring, huh?
Where's my ring, asshole?
Would you stop it?
Where's my ring, motherfucker?
Come on. Put it on my fuzzy finger,
you fuck. Come on!
All right, all right. Knock it off.
All right. I'm just saying.
But do you think she might be expecting me
to make that kind of a move?
No, no. I don't think she's--
And not only that,
it's the wrong time. It's a terrible idea.
I mean, you got the economy, you
got the credit bubble, the Supreme Court.
I mean, look at Haiti.
Yeah, I guess
I didn't think about that.
Well, that's--
You know, it's a factor.
Who are you?
Flash Gordon. Quarterback,
New York Jets.
This is the American fantasy,
right here--
a professional NFL player
is called upon to save the world.
Yeah. Tom Brady could do that.
Tom Brady could do that!
- Hey. - Hey, sweetie.
- Hey, Lori.
Hi.
Mwah. What do you
got there?
- Turkey burgers.
- Oh, turkey burgers.
Are we having homosexuals over
for dinner tonight? Is that--
Uh, no. Just you homos.
Whoa.
Whoa!
You kind of just
reworded my joke, but, uh-- [ Laughs ]
- How was work?
- It was fine.
- How's your dickhead boss?
- Rex is fine.
He only hit on me once today, so--
It's a good thing.
Hey, Johnny. How about a beer, huh?
A couple Charles Brewkowskis?
- Couple, uh, Brewstoyevskis?
- Maybe a Mike Brewguslowski?
- Perhaps a Teddy Brewski?
- That's a good one.
You know what? I think I too want
a Martina Navratibrewski.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Don't ruin it. No.
That doesn't work.
Bullshit. That totally works.
[ Ted ] No, no.
- Yeah, it does.
- It doesn't work.
The name has to have
a "ski" at the end of it.
You just put "brewski" at the end
of Martina Navratilova.
I just thought
we were saying funny names.
No, no. It has to have a "ski" at the end
of it. Otherwise, where's the challenge?
If there's no "ski"
at the end of the root word,
then we would just be idiots
saying nonsense.
[ Thunder Rumbles ]
Hey.
They found
the missing hikers. They did?
Yeah.
What happened?
They said they got separated,
and one of them had his foot
stuck under a rock for, like, five days.
Wow.
Mmm.
You know, if your leg
got trapped under a rock,
I'd chew it off
to get you free.
- You would?
- I sure would.
Is that cannibalism?
No. I think it's only cannibalism
if you swallow.
Oh, yeah. No.
Don't worry about that,
'cause I don't swallow.
Really? 'Cause that's
not what I heard.
Well, it's not true, okay?
I'm a classy broad. Yeah.
I can see that.
Um, listen.
Speaking of classy,
Ciao Bella is a really
expensive restaurant,
so we can go
anywhere else tomorrow.
I really don't care
as long as we're together.
Are you kidding me? No, no, no.
Four years we've been going out.
I'm taking you
to the best place in town.
You know I love you.
I love you too.
And you're nasty.
You wanna get nasty?
[ Laughs ]
You're a nasty girl.
- [ Loud Thunderclap ]
- [ Shouts, Groans ]
I don't understand.
35 years old,
- and you're still scared of a little
thunder? - I am not! I--
[ Whimpering ]
- Thunder buddies for life, right, Johnny?
- Fucking right.
All right. Come on.
Let's sing the Thunder Song. All right.
* When you hear the sound of thunder,
don't you get too scared *
* Just grab your thunder buddy
and say these magic words *
* Fuck you, thunder
* You can suck my dick
* You can't get me, thunder
* 'Cause you're just God's farts **
[ Imitating Fart ]
- [ Groans ]
- [ Switch Clicks ]
[ Ted ] Hey, Lori? Can you set the alarm
for 11:00 a.m.?
I got a lot of stuff
to do tomorrow.
- [ Woman ] Morning, Lori.
- Morning.
[ Groans ]
Okay.
- You okay there, sweetheart?
- [ Grunts ]
- You look a little flustered.
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
I just didn't have time for breakfast,
and the garage was full.
Oh, and that's right.
My boyfriend can't sleep through a
thunderstorm without his teddy bear.
I don't understand why you keep
putting up with him.
Yeah. I mean, the guy's 35 and he's
working for a rental car service.
No, you guys. It's really-- It's not about
that. I don't care about that.
I mean, I'd love him
if he was a janitor.
He has a huge heart,
and we laugh a lot.
It's just a bonus that he's,
like, the hottest guy in Boston.
I don't know. I just wish he would
get his life together.
Our life. And he can't. And I swear to
God, it is because of that bear.
You should give him an ultimatum.
It's you or the bear.
No. I can't do that.
That would devastate him.
Besides, what--
What if he chose Ted?
Well, hello there. Sorry if I'm
interrupting any private girl talk...
about Channing Tatum's
index finger,
but, Lori, I need
to see you in my office.
Thing is, Rex, I have a lot of work
I need to get to--
Oh, this is work,
I swear.
[ Scoffs ]
Great.
Good luck.
Thank you.
He's such an asshole.
Out of control.
He's such a sleaze.
Hundred bucks says he's showing her
the diving team photo.
Check this out.
That's me on the high school
diving team.
We dove the shit
out of that pool that year.
- You promised me this was about work.
- Lori--
- [ Groans ]
- Why don't you like me?
I'm rich. I'm good-looking.
My dad owns the company.
I have a boyfriend.
I have told you this.
Yeah, the guy with the bear.
But I'm talking about
a mature relationship, Lori.
I mean, if we were together,
our babies would be spectacular.
I mean, with my top-of-the-pyramid
Caucasian genes...
and your splash of dark,
beautiful, smoky--
Baltic? Czech?
Good-bye, Rex.
** [ Piano: Ballad ]
** [ Continues ]
[ Chattering ]
Oh. Okay.
That was perfect.
- Would you like me to wrap your
leftovers? - No, I'm good. Thank you.
Actually, could you
wrap just this up for me?
- I want to scare the shit out of
somebody. - Sure.
What are you, like,
five years old? Yeah.
But I read at
a six-year-old level, so-- Hmm.
- [ Snorts ]
- [ Laughs ]
Sir and madam.
Here is your dessert
and champagne.
Ooh. Cristal.
It's a special night.
I mean, we've been dating for four years.
And hey, all those rich black people
can't be wrong, right?
Oh. Doesn't feel like
four years, does it?
No, it doesn't.
You know, you had no business being out
on that dance floor,
but I'm really happy
that you were.
** [ Dance ]
** [ Singing, Indistinct ]
This song is so great.
Oh, yeah.
Chris Brown can do no wrong.
Wow. You can really move.
You like that, huh?
Check this shit out.
[ Thump ]
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Are you okay?
Oh, God. I am so sorry.
No, I'm fine. I'm fine.
Jesus, I am so sorry.
I didn't see you. It was an accident.
Did you hurt your head?
Yeah, my head hurts a lot.
Oh, man. Here.
Let me get you some ice.
Ah. Sorry, sorry.
Does it hurt?
No.
It-It's fine.
Okay. Here's a test to see how much
you actually care about me.
You remember that night,
after the club,
we went and had late-night
eggs and waffles till about 5:00 a.m.
We watched a movie
on the little TV in the diner.
Name that movie.
Octopussy.
[ Gasps ]
Baby!
Gold star!
[ Glasses Clink ]
And by the way,
my dancing was not that bad.
It was pretty bad.
I have cool moves.
Yeah, so do people
with Parkinson's.
That's not how I remember it.
Okay, how do you remember it?
** [ Disco ]
* Well, you can tell
by the way I use my walk *
* I'm a woman's man,
no time to talk *
* Music loud
and women warm *
* I've been kicked around
since I was born *
* And now it's all right
That's okay *
* And you may look
the other way *
* But we can try
to understand *
All right. Whatever you say.
Hey.
Yes?
Here's to four more years, huh?
Okay.
You make me happy.
Now, I know we said no gifts, but--
We said no such thing.
I got you something anyway,
in clear violation of the "no gift" rule.
We had no such rule.
Lori--
I wanted to give this to you
for a long time.
John.
Those are the ones you like, right?
From that kiosk at the mall?
Yeah.
You know, Lori--
Hmm.
Someday, there's gonna be
a ring in there. All right?
But I wanna wait until I get you something
really special. You know?
I just don't
have the money right now.
Look, I'm only saying this
because I love you.
You're not gonna have any sort of
career if you keep wasting time with Ted.
- Oh, geez. Here we go.
- Baby, please ask Ted to move out...
so we can move on
with our lives.
Lori, look. He's been my best friend
since I was eight.
I was not a popular child.
You have to understand. I had no friends
before he came along.
He's the only reason I ever gained
any fucking confidence.
But you're no longer eight.
You're 35 years old,
and unless you're too blind to notice,
he's not your only friend anymore.
Can we talk about this another time and
just enjoy our anniversary dinner?
[ Clears Throat ]
Oh, shit.
Hang on a second.
Now my phone fell
under the seat somewhere.
- Can you call it?
- Yeah.
[ Beeping ]
** [ Ringtone:
"The Imperial March" ]
** [ Continues ]
Is that my ringtone?
Oh, yeah.
What is it?
'Cause it sounds negative.
No, no.
It's-It's from The Notebook.
Oh.
This is gonna take some doing,
I think.
- I'll just meet you upstairs then?
- Yeah. I'll be right there.
** [ Rock, Muffled ]
** [ Continues ]
Oh.
Lori.
Hey, you're home early.
What the hell is this?
The ladies and I were just watching
Jack and Jill.
Adam Sandler plays a guy and his sister,
and it's--
It's just awful.
It's unwatchable.
But, you know,
they're hookers, so it's fine.
This place is a wreck.
Who are these girls?
Oh, my God.
Where are my manners?
Lori, this is Angelique, Heavenly, Cherene
and Sauvignon Blanc.
I love you girls. You know, somewhere out
there are four terrible fathers...
I wish I could thank
for this great night.
- What is that?
- Wh-What is what?
There is a--
a shit on my floor.
In the corner, there is
a shit!
Oh, yeah. Yeah. We were playing Truth or
Dare, and Cherene's pretty ballsy.
There is a shit
on my floor!
Well, or is the floor on the shit, is what
Kierkegaard would say.
- [ Mock Growl ]
- [ Laughs ]
Who lives here? I'm coming to get
whoever lives here.
You owe me lobster money!
That's my buddy Johnny.
Not the lobster,
the guy running it.
I found my phone.
What's going on?
Is that a shit?
God, there are
some fucked-up fish out there.
Oh, look at that one.
Waspy white guy fish.
[ Gruff Voice ] I married the wrong woman,
and now I lead a life of regret.
Oh, look at this guy.
[ Effeminate Voice ] I went to New York
once in 1981,and I just did not feel safe.
[ Sighs ]
Ted. You gotta move out.
You-- What?
It's-- It's gotta happen.
Well-- What did I do?
My relationship
is at a very delicate stage, you know.
Lori and I may just need
a little space right now.
Plus, a hooker took a shit
in our apartment.
[ Gags ] Oh, God.
Ah! What?
This is so gross! Don't tell me. I don't
wanna hear about it.
Did you get it? Oh, my God.
No, I didn't get it!
Tell me when you get it!
Oh, my God!
- I got some on my thumb!
- No!
- Yes, I did!
- You can never cook with that hand again.
Oh, my God. I'm serious. You have to
learn to cook left-handed.
This is the most disgusting
thing ever!
Don't! Get it
away from me!
- Look. That was a tough night
for all of us, all right? - Ted.
You mean everything to me,
and so does Lori.
I'm just trying to find a way
to keep you both in my life.
[ Sighs ]
She's making you do it,
isn't she?
Yes. But that doesn't mean
we can't hang out.
We'll hang out all the time.
Yeah, but what about
"Thunder buddies for life," Johnny?
I know. I just don't know
what to do here.
I know it sucks, but otherwise
I'm gonna lose her.
And I do love her, Ted.
No, I know you do, Johnny.
I'll help you
get on your feet out there. I promise.
- I know, and we'll hang out all the time,
right? - All the time.
All right. Fuck it.
Bring it in.
Come here. Bring it in,
you bastard. Come on.
I love you!
Fuck.
Shit, sorry.
That's the--
The thing from the--
The old--
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. I know, I know.
I'm not gay.
I know. And you're not gay,
so we're fine.
[ Sighs ] We gotta
get you a job.
I look stupid. No you don't.
You look dapper.
I don't. I look like
Snuggle's accountant.
Come on.
It's not that bad.
John, I look like something you give your
kid when you tell him Grandma died.
Look. I know
it sucks, okay?
But you gotta make some money
so you can pay for an apartment.
I don't wanna work
at a grocery store.
Yeah, but you have
no skills.
I told you,
I can totally be a lawyer.
You get the job,
we're celebrating after, okay?
Uh-huh. And if I don't get the job, are we
still gonna smoke that pot?
Probably, yes.
Uh-huh. Okay. All right.
Good talk, coach. Thanks.
All right, buddy.
Go get 'em.
And don't worry. I'll do my very best to
get this job that I so crave.
So you think you got
what it takes?
I'll tell you what I got--
your wife's pussy on my breath.
Nobody's ever talked to me
like that before.
That's 'cause everyone's mouth is usually
full of your wife's box.
You're hired.
Shit.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Exhales ]
Well, I am a former celebrity
in a minimum wage job.
This is how the cast of Diff'rent Stroke
feels, all day, every day.
Just awful.
They must feel awful.
The live ones must feel awful.
Come on. It's not
that bad, okay?
I got a shitty job, and I assure you
I am quite content.
- Excuse me.
- Oh, shit.
I'm sorry
to bother you, but, uh,
my son and I couldn't help
but admire your teddy bear.
Oh. Well, thank you.
Thanks.
Yeah. I'm Donny. This is Robert.
I, uh--
I have to say, I've been following
you ever since I was a young boy,
and, uh, I remember seeing you
on the Carson show.
You were just wonderful.
Oh, yeah. That was, uh--
That was a weird interview.
Ed thought I was ALF, and he kept
muttering anti-Semitic comments.
Hey, um-- Thought ALF was Jewish
for some reason.
Have you ever considered
selling the bear?
What?
Excuse me?
I want it.
Hey, I'm not an "it," pal.
I'm a "he," all right?
Uh, I'm sorry, little guy,
but my bear isn't for sale, see.
I've had him since I was about your age.
He's very, very special to me.
Stand up straight
when you're talking to me.
Why the fuck
would he say that?
Sorry. You know, you really shouldn't
swear in front of children.
Uh, look. We're very interested
in the bear.
If you wanna make some sort of arrangement
here's my address and phone number.
And, uh, you can
call me anytime, okay?
Will do.
Look, here it goes--
in the really important pocket
for really important stuff.
Okay? Okay.
Okay.
See you later.
Okay. Come on, Robert.
[ Ted ] Take it easy.
- What the fuck? - Can you imagine
what that little shit would do to me?
I could totally see him just taking you
down to the basement...
and really slowly delimbing you while
singing some creepy Victorian
nursery rhyme.
* Oh, my little sixpence
* My pretty little sixpence *
Stop it.
* I love my sixpence
Knock it off.
* Better than my life *
Stop it!
Fuck! Why you gotta
take it to that place?
You just took it to a very--
Now it's real.
Now it's a real thing.
Oh, come on. Take it easy.
Look. Let's just find
a better place to get stoned.
[ Hinges Squeak ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Exhales ]
Well, I guess
this is it, huh?
- Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.
- First night on your own.
Yeah, first night
in my beautiful new apartment.
Well, it'll be great
when it's furnished.
Yeah, and the guy said it ain't hardly
had no murders in it. So that's good.
Okay. So--
If you need anything--
Yeah. I know.
Don't worry, Johnny.
I'll be fine.
I know you will.
All right.
Hey, there.
Oh, hey.
Hi.
Listen, um--
I just want to say
thank you.
I know what you did
with Ted wasn't easy,
and I just want you to know
that I love you for it,
and I think it's a new beginning
for our relationship.
Hey. Anything for you.
I mean, this is all part of the new,
grown-up, adult John Bennett,
so you better
get used to him.
Really?
Well, you know--
I don't have to be at work for another
20 minutes, so--
That's perfect.
'Cause I'm only
gonna need one.
[ Laughs ]
You know what my favorite thing
about you is?
That even after four years,
you can still surprise me.
I mean, to step up and change
such a huge part of your life...
just to make
your girlfriend happier--
I don't know-- I guess most guys
wouldn't do that.
Well, most guys
don't have you to motivate them.
I know I'm not
a talking teddy bear,
but at least you didn't have to make
a magical wish to get me.
How do you know?
Oh.
That a Flash Gordon ray gun,
or are you just happy to see me?
[ Whirs, Zapping Sounds ]
All right.
There we go.
Thank you very much. Please come again.
We have a lot more groceries.
[ Sighs ]
Hey, uh--
Hey, Ellen.
- Yeah?
- Who's that over there?
Oh, that's
the new checkout girl.
Don't know her name.
Seems cute.
Yeah, very cute. You know what
I'd like to do to her?
Something I call
a Dirty Fozzie.
Okay. All right. So that's where
we'll draw the line.
Hey. How you holding up?
Oh, I'm all right.
I'm just getting used to things.
That's all.
It's gonna be all right.
I actually went through something like
this with my last boyfriend.
Really?
Yeah.
We were together for eight months,
and I really loved him.
And then he got deported
back to Iran,
so I know
what you're going through.
Oh, yeah. So I guess we both lost
our furry little guy.
We sure did.
** [ Ringtone:
"Knight Rider Theme" ]
- Hey, Ted.
- Hey, Johnny. What are you doing?
You want to come over
and catch a buzz?
Well, I could probably
stop by after work.
Fuck that. I traded off yesterday,
so I got the other shift.
Come on. I'm bored as crap over here.
Just swing by for a bit.
No. I cannot
just ditch work, man.
I'm trying to get my shit together and be
an adult here. You know, for Lori's sake.
John, five minutes,
and then I'll kick you out. I promise.
Just come over. I got the Cheers
DVD box set,
and the guy
down at the store told me...
that everybody talks shit about each other
in the interviews.
You'll kick me out in five?
I will kick you out in five--
John, I have to kick you out.
I have so much teddy bear
paperwork I have to get to, it is sick.
What do I tell Thomas?
Just tell him you don't feel well.
I gotta cut out for a bit.
Lori tried to break up a dogfight, and I
guess she got hurt pretty bad.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, she's-- I mean, that's
the way she is.
She sees trouble
and she wants to help out,
and I guess one of these dogs clamped his
jaws on her forearm and wouldn't let go...
until the fireman showed up
and had to stick his finger in his ass.
- Oh, Jesus.
- Yeah, she's pretty shook up.
Up the dog's ass, right?
Yeah, up the dog's.
Not the fireman's ass.
I thought the fireman
stuck his own finger up his own ass.
No, I don't think a firefighter
would do that.
Well, go, go. Take care of it.
Let me know how she is.
Thank you.
Go.
Mmm.
Woody Harrelson Smallest dick
I've ever seen on a man.
See, that's why
I watch these things.
That's, like, a cool behind-the-scenes
thing that you wouldn't know.
Oh, hey.
Listen. Try this.
I told my weed guy to step it up,
and he gave me that.
What is it?
It's called "Mind Rape."
It's actually pretty mellow.
It doesn't sound
very mellow.
He only had
three other batches--
"Gorilla Panic,"
"They're Coming, They're Coming"...
and something called
"This Is Permanent."
Go on.
Spark it up.
There you go.
You got it.
Okay.
[ Chuckles ] Nice.
Good, huh? Good job.
[ Wheezes ]
Yeah. Take pride in that.
You know,
this place looks great.
Thanks, man.
It's all IKEA.
Did the whole place
for $47.
Nice.
Yeah.
How are the neighbors?
You know, there's an Asian family
living next door,
but they don't have a gong or nothing,
so it's not too bad.
That's lucky.
Yeah, it is.
How's work?
It sucks.
Yeah.
You?
You know,
not bad, actually.
I met a girl.
She's a cashier.
No way. That's awesome.
Yeah.
We should fucking double-date
or something.
You, me and Lori
and-- What's her name?
White trash name.
Guess.
Mandy.
No.
Marilyn.
Britney?
Tiffany. No. No.
Candice.
No.
Don't fuck with me on this.
I know this shit.
Do you see me
fucking with you? Speed round.
I'm gonna rattle off names
and when I hit it, fucking buzz it.
I will tell you.
You got me?
Brandi, Heather, Channing,
Breanna, Amber, Sabrina,
Melody, Dakota, Sierra, Bambi,
Crystal, Samantha, Autumn, Ruby,
Taylor, Tara, Tami, Lauren,
Charlene, Chantel, Courtney,Misty, Jenny,
Krista, Mindy, Noelle, Shelby,Trina, Reba,
Cassandra, Nikki, Kelsey, Shawna, Jolene,
Earline, Claudine, Savannah, Kasey,
Dolly, Kendra, Carla, Chloe, Devon,
Emmalou, fucking Becky?
No.
Wait. Was it any one of those names
with a "Lynn" after it?
Yes.
I got you, motherfucker.
I got you. Okay.
Brandi-Lynn, Heather-Lynn--
Tami-Lynn.
Fuck!
What the hell?
Hey, man. You think you can open
more than one register?
There's, like,
a thousand people here.
There's supposed to be
three registers open.
For God sakes.
[ Grunting ]
[ Tami-Lynn Moaning ]
[ Tami-Lynn Screaming ]
[ Ted ] Stick your finger
in the loop of my tag.
You had sexual intercourse
with a coworker...
on top of the produce
that we sell to the public.
I fucked her
with a parsnip last week,
and I sold the parsnip to a family
with four small children.
That took guts.
We need guts.
I'm promoting you.
You got a lot of problems,
don't you?
All right, Kareem!
Ah! You suck, Kareem.
[ Bottle Clatters ]
Hello?
Huh.
- Hey, Ted.
- [ Yelps ]
Oh, hey.
Hey there, fella.
How are you?
Are you out here all alone?
Uh-- No. No, I'm not.
Uh-- You know, you're never alone
when you're with Christ.
So, no, I'm not alone.
Yeah. Yeah, me too.
You know, Robert and I could give you
a very, very good home.
Yeah. You know what?
I'm pretty happy where I am.
I just got a shitty
new apartment, and I--
I can offer you
$6,000 in railroad bonds.
Uh, well--
You know, since I just returned
from active duty in the Civil War,
that actually sounds
very appealing.
Wait. No, I'm sorry. That was 150 years
ago, and I don't give a shit.
Okay.
Teddy, come on! We're gonna be late
for dinner with your friends.
Okay. Be there
in a second, baby.
As you can see,
my dance card is quite full.
So I'm gonna have to decline.
Can I just get a hug?
Oh. Uh, no.
Yeah.
No, no.
And it kills me to have to tell you no,
'cause I'm a people pleaser.
Yeah.
But, uh--
You know, thank you for creeping up my
night, and Jesus be with you.
Okay.
In Christ.
Who was
that guy?
That was Sinad O'Connor.
She don't look so good no more.
How great is this?
The four of us out to dinner.
How long have we been saying
we were gonna d--
Lori, how you doing?
I haven't talked to you in forever.
I'm good.
I'm good. Um--
The company's having
their 20th anniversary party next week.
- So, that's something.
- Mmm.
Lori's a senior V.P.
at a big, huge P.R. firm.
It's not that big of a deal.
[ Tami-Lynn ] Wow.
Company's turning 20, huh? So you can bang
it, but you can't get it drunk.
[ Laughs ]
Right?
Yeah, she gets it.
She enjoys my humor.
Yeah. I mean,
Rex is having a house party.
But I'm surprised John
didn't tell you,
considering you two have seen each other
every single day since you moved out.
You know-- It's funny, 'cause whenever
Johnny and I hang out,
uh, the first item on our agenda is
"What's going on with Lori?"
So it's funny that didn't come up. That
must have slipped through the cracks.
We do. We talk
about you all the time.
Remember the other day,
I was saying how great
Lori's hair always looks?
I mean-- Oh, my God.
It always looks so great.
I just always
want to fucking brush it.
You know, I-- Right, Johnny?
I say that.
So, Tami-Lynn-- Why don't you tell us
a little bit about yourself?
Like, where are you from? I'm always
fascinated to meet Ted's girlfriends.
What do you mean, girlfriends?
Was there, like,
a lot of them or something?
No, no. That's not
what she meant at all.
Right, Lori? Lori, you didn't mean that?
No. No, no, no.
What I meant to say
was Ted's very handsome,
so I'm always interested in
meeting the lady that can snatch him up.
Did you just
call me a whore? What?
You just worry about your own snatch.
How about that, honey?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- What the hell happened?
- We're having a friendly meal here.
- This was a nice evening.
Don't talk shit to me.
- I just asked you a question.
- You're a frickin' snob.
You think you're all cool 'cause you work
at some fucking fancy shit place.
Whatever. Take it easy.
Nice, Lori. Real nice.
Me? It's not my fault
she can't speak English.
Oh, fuck you! Just 'cause you're all in
the business world and shit,
you think, what, everybody should suck
your asshole or something?
Okay. All right. Look, Tami-Lynn. Come on,
honey. Let's get out of here.
We'll go back to my place for
a couple of vodka and Strawberry Quiks.
You know what? I gave birth once, bitch.
I could kick your fucking ass.
And you better never show your
face around Quincy, you hear me? Ever.
Come on. I didn't know
you had a baby. Is it alive?
[ Sighs ]
What a cunt.
Ow! I hate that word!
What?
That word. It's so sharp.
It's like an electric sword slashing .
everything in its path Why
would you say that?
You didn't exactly
stand up for me.
I'm trying to walk a line here.
I want to be fair to you and to him.
I think you're being
a little more fair to him. Oh, come on.
You know, your boss
called this morning,
asking me
how my arm was.
Huh?
Yeah. Because of that dogfight
that I tried to break up.
Oh, boy. If I had
to make a guess,
I would say that you
made up some bullshit excuse...
to get out of work
to go to Ted's.
Now, am I right?
I made you out to be a hero.
You know what, John?
We asked Ted to move out so we
can give ourselves a chance without him.
You're not giving
anything a chance...
if you keep blowing off work
to get high with your teddy bear.
You're right.
I've been getting stoned
too much. I know that.
I've been bumming around
with Ted too much. I know that too.
You give me one more chance,
I promise I can fix it.
John, I need a man,
not a little boy
with a teddy bear.
I know. Done. Man.
Right here in front of you.
All right?
Look at these pecs.
These are man pecs.
Look at the hair on my upper lip.
That's man hair.
[ Grunts ]
I just farted.
That was a man fart.
[ Clicks Tongue ]
Oh.
God. Fine.
Fine, John. But this is--
This is, I swear to God, your last chance.
Trust me. I love you.
All right. I love you.
I love you so much.
You won't be sorry. I swear.
Did you really
just fart?
Yeah, but I pushed it
that way with my hand.
I wonder who
it's gonna hit first.
So if I told him once,
I told him a million times.
These numbers do not--
do not add-- add up. [ Coughing ]
Who did this to us?
Goddamn it!
I'm here on business! Oh.
** [ Jazz, Muffled ]
[ Lori ] All right.
Here we go.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I'm really glad
that you came.
Oh, me too.
Yeah?
Is it okay if
I kick your boss's ass?
That won't affect
your workplace chemistry, will it?
Please play nice.
For you, I will.
Thank you.
Anything.
There she is.
I was worried you weren't coming.
Heya, squirt. How you doing?
Where's your bunny rabbit?
- He's a bear.
- Got it.
"Oh, my God.
This house is fucking huge."
I know. Try not to get lost.
Come on in.
** [ Continues ]
Wow. Here are the ladies.
Look at you guys.
You guys look amazing.
Little heavy on the eye makeup,
but pretty good.
Thank you, Rex.
Thank you.
You guys know Lori
and Jim, right? John.
- John. You guys remember John.
- Hi.
Listen, uh, why don't
John and I go get a drink at the bar?
- Uh, sure.
- Great. We'll be right back.
Come on, buddy.
It's an old sweater, huh?
This is Wade Boggs's
autographed bat.
I just barely outbid Phil Donahue
for that at auction.
Wow. Cool.
Yeah. Cool.
These boxing gloves
were worn by Joe Louis in his first fight.
This is art. Get it?
These were
John Lennon's glasses.
They're worth,
like, a million dollars.
That's me and Tom Skerritt.
Oh. Check this out.
It's Lance Armstrong's nut.
I had it freeze-dried
and bronzed.
Every now and then,
when my life's getting me down...
and things are tough,
I just come up here
and I look at it.
And it reminds me
that things aren't so bad.
Sometimes
you feel like a nut.
Sometimes you don't.
So, talk to me,
Jonny Quest.
How are things
with you and Lori?
You know, things are
great, actually.
That's great.
That is great.
You know, uh, Lori would
hate me for saying this,
but, you know, she told me
how you are at the office.
And as one gentleman
to another, I just want to say...
I really hope you fucking
get Lou Gehrig's disease.
[ Chuckles ]
Wh--
Um--
Well, let me, uh--
Think I need to clear the air
here a little.
I mean, yeah,
I'm kind of a fun-time boss and whatnot.
But look, man. I do that with everybody
at the office.
I'm a kook. I have no designs
on your girlfriend.
We work together,
and that's it.
I think you're a great guy,
and she's a very lucky girl.
Well, that's
good to hear.
Yeah.
** [ Ringtone: "Knight Rider Theme" ]
Excuse me. Hey, Ted.
Johnny, where are you?
You gotta get over here, man.
Why? What's going on?
So I'm having a little impromptu thing
with some people at my apartment,
and, John,
Sam Jones is here.
What? Sam Jones.
Flash fucking Gordon is here.
Holy shit. What?
You remember I said my buddy's cousin
is friends with Sam Jones?
My buddy's in town with his cousin, and
who do you think is with him? Sam Jones.
Sam Jones is here, And, John, his hair
is parted down the middle.
Just like in the movie.
Yes.
Get over here right now.
Fuck. I can't.
I'm with Lori here.
I'm already on probation. I just--
I can't.
John.
Flash Gordon was the most important
influence of our formative years.
He taught us right from wrong,
good from evil...
and that the word "acting" apparently has
an extremely broad definition.
Flash Gordon is the symbol
of our friendship, John.
Come share this with me.
I'm coming.
Rex. I gotta go.
Look, I'll be back in, like,
30 minutes tops, okay?
But Lori cannot find out.
She absolutely cannot know I was gone.
If you can cover for me,
I'm cool with all that other shit.
I got your back on this.
She won't know. I've been there.
All right.
This is one man to another.
I don't really know you, but I'm
trusting you, as a man. This is serious.
Dude, one man to another,
I got you on this.
Thank you. I'll be back.
I'm gonna have sex
with your girlfriend.
[ Tires Squealing ]
[ Chattering ]
** [ Rock On Stereo,
Indistinct ]
Oh, Johnny.
Thank Christ you made it.
- Dude, I got 10 minutes. Where's Flash
Gordon? - Okay, get ready.
Hey, Sam. This is the guy
I was telling you about.
** [ Rock ]
* Flash
Ahhh, ahhh *
* Savior of the universe
* Flash
Ahhh, ahhh *
* He'll save every one of us
* Just a man
* With a man's courage
* You know he's
nothing but a man *
* But he can never fail
* No one
but the pure of heart *
* May find the Golden Grail
* Oh, oh
* Oh, oh *
How you doing?
Good to meet ya.
I thank you for saving
every one of us.
- Well, you're welcome.
- Ah! He acknowledged it.
- Let's do some shots.
- With you?
- Oh, my God!
- Yes. Oh, my God! Yes.
- [ Ted ] Totally. Yes.
- Let's go!
Thanks, Flash.
There you go, my friend.
Thank you.
Death to Ming!
[ Laughs ]
Yes!
- Ah!
- Oh!
You know, you guys
seem pretty cool. You like to party?
Uh, cocaine, right?
Come on, dudes. Don't tell me
you never done it before.
Well, not--
Uh--
- Not recently, no. - I thought
that was just for people in Florida.
You better follow me.
Come on.
Johnny, I'm frightened.
** [ Speakers: Rock ]
[ Man ]
* Whoa!
We are gonna party
like the '80s.
- Show us how, Flash.
- It's easy.
We just gotta nail
a lot of girls named Stephanie.
God, Johnny,
I got so much energy.
We better start
doing stupid shit.
* You and me, we come from
different worlds *
* You like to laugh at me
when I look at other girls *
Johnny, if we're ever gonna
get serious about opening a restaurant,
we gotta start
planning it now. Italian.
Italian, yes. What's the special
on Tuesdays?
- Eggplant Parm.
- Chopped salad, half price.
And it's a non restricted place.
Yeah. Wait. What do you mean?
Anybody can come.
Of course.
Jews are welcome. Well, yeah.
Why wouldn't they be?
- Exactly. That's what I'm saying.
- But why even bring that up?
- You don't bring it up. You just
let 'em in. - So why mention it?
- No one will.
- So why are we talking about it?
- You're talking about it. I'm saying
let 'em in. - Yeah. Let 'em in.
- Exactly.
- Right. - Good. - Okay.
No Mexicans though.
* Sometimes you're crazy
This is how everybody
sang in the '90s.
[ Exaggerated ]
* I'm such a baby
* 'Cause the Dolphins
make me cry *
- [ Cheering ]
- * Nothing I can do
* I've been lookin'
for a girl like you *
- No, see, trust me. I can do this.
- Shut up.
- Let him try it, man.
- All right. Fuck it.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ All ] Go, go, go, go,
go, go, go, go!
[ Screams ]
- Wha--
- You son of a bitch!
Well, you never
should have trusted me. I'm on drugs.
* Look at me
You got nothin' left to say *
* I'm gonna pout at you
until I get my way *
Hey, Johnny.
I just had a great idea.
Let's go get drunk and puke on
cars from the overpass.
Oh, come on. I do not
sound that much like Peter Griffin.
* I won't dance
You won't sing *
You can do any '90s song
with just vowels.
** [ Exaggerated Vocalizing ]
* A-E-I-O-U
See? There, proof. Garfield's eyes
look like a pair of tits.
- You were right.
- If you can punch through this wall,
you really are
Flash Gordon.
- You gonna do it?
- I'm gonna punch through it.
- Come on, Sam. Do it.
- Do it!
Okay!
- Yes!
- Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Yes! He did it!
[ Speaking Chinese ]
What the hell you problem?
You break my wall!
I break your wall!
- [ All Screaming ]
- Sushi your wall!
[ Shouting ]
Come on!
Break his arm off!
Oh, God!
We're gonna die. We're all gonna die.
Break this up. Break this up.
- Come on, get him!
- [ Shouts ]
You break my wall.
This my home long time.
You break my wall,
you bastard men.
We're sorry.
It was an accident, okay?
I try to make duck dinner.
Now plaster everywhere.
Chill out, okay? Look. Can we just talk
about this? What's your name? I'm John.
My name is Wan Ming.
Ming?
You pay many dollar for wall!
This bullshit!
This all bullshit!
Death to Ming!
- [ All Shouting ]
- [ Quacking ]
[ Quacking ]
[ All Gasp ]
[ Growling ]
[ Quacking ]
[ Screams ]
Don't! Rape!
[ Screaming ]
- [ Shouting ]
- No, Sam, come on. Let him go.
- [ Grunts ]
- Ow!
[ All ]
Oh!
[ Screaming ]
You crazy!
You crazy, man!
- Come on, James Franco.
- [ Quacks ]
[ Quacking ]
You pay for wall!
Move, sucker!
Greatest night ever!
[ Sighs ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Woman Chuckling ]
- Hey.
- Hey, Guy.
Hey. What's going on?
This is, uh, Jared. He's the guy
who beat me up.
And, uh, we're in love.
Huh?
Turns out I'm, uh,
gay or whatever.
I-- I had no idea.
Hey, Jared, let's go grab
another one of these.
Yeah.
How we doing, ace?
You coming down?
Yeah, I-I don't
feel so good.
Ah, give it a couple of hours,
and you'll be golden, ponyboy.
You want a Xanax?
- Holy shit. Oh, my God.
- What?
I gotta-- I gotta go.
- Lori, I--
- [ Groans ]
Lori!
Lori. Wait, please.
Look. I'm sorry.
I messed up. I--
- John, I need you
out of the apartment tonight. - Can I--
- Just give me the car keys.
- Can I please just explain?
- No.
- Look, I was gonna--
John, I have given up
a huge chunk of my life for you.
I was gonna stop in for, like, five
minutes, and then Flash Gordon--
Just give me the car keys.
[ Sighs ]
Lori.
Lori, please, I love you.
Come--
[ Engine Starts ]
Hey, Johnny, there you are.
Man, I had to get some air.
That guy from your office...
is in there on the couch making
out with that Van Wilder-looking guy.
You know what? Fuck you. I don't even
want to talk to you.
- What?
- Do you know what just happened?
Do you have any clue?
My fucking life just ended!
Wha-- Oh, come on.
She'll go home,
she'll watch Bridget Jones's
Something-Asshole.
She'll have a good cry.She'll be fine.
You'll talk to her tomorrow.
Come on upstairs.
Are you even listening to me?
Do you give any shred of a shit?
Of course I do, Johnny.
"Thunder buddies for life,"
remember?
Jesus.
You know, Lori was right.
I should have stopped
hanging out with you a long time ago.
I'm never gonna have a life
with you around.
I'm 35 years old,
and I'm going nowhere.
All I do is smoke pot, watch movies
with a teddy fucking bear.
Because of that I just lost
the love of my life.
Johnny, I'm--
I-I'm sorry. I--
I gotta be on my own, Ted.
I can't see you anymore.
John, wait.
Listen.
I love you.
So, word through the grapevine
is that you're newly solo.
Rex, I have a lot of work
I need to get to.
I have tickets to Norah Jones
at the Hatch Shell tonight,
and I would love it
if you'd go with me.
You're asking me out
a week after I broke up with somebody?
Look. I'm-- I'm gonna
cut the shit here.
Please.
This is the first time
that you've been single...
in all the years
you've worked here.
Just go out with me one time,
and if you're miserable
and you hate it,
then... I promise...
I will never even
hint at the subject again.
Please.
Rex, I don't think it's smart.
I'm an asshole. I know that.
It worked for me in high school, and
it's been a reflex ever since.
Lori, the worst
that can happen...
is that you go on a fun,
casual date...
with a guy
who just wants a chance...
to prove that he can be
something more than a jerk.
Plus you are a huge catch,
and it's about time
someone treated you that way.
[ Sighs ]
Fuck it. Fine.
Fine. Sure as hell beats crying myself
to sleep every night,
and if that means getting you
off my back, well, that's just a bonus.
I'll pick you up at 8:00.
[ Knocking ]
Hey, Johnny. It's me.
Go away.
Johnny,
open the door, please. I wanna talk.
[ Grunting ]
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck, man?
Sorry. Look, Johnny.
I-I know you're pissed, all right,
but just listen to me
for five seconds.
I saw Lori leaving
the apartment with Rex.
- What? - I'm serious, John. I went
over to talk to her...
and maybe take some of the heat
off you, and there he was, picking her up.
They were going to
the Hatch Shell.
You're fucking unbelievable.
You know that?
I mean, how stupid
do you think I am?
If you think that by making shit like
that up, you're gonna make me choose...
some kind of loyalty to you
over her, you're out of your fucking mind.
Johnny, it's the truth.
I'm telling ya.
You know what?
Get out of here.
You know what? You're acting like a cock.
You know that?
What?
I'm acting like a cock?
Yes, you are. So shut your meat hole
for a second and listen to me.
- Huh? - Meat hole. What-- Is that--
No, that's not right, is it?
No. Pudding hole?
Is that what they say?
No, can't be that either,
right? 'Cause--
[ Scottish Accent ] "How can you have any
pudding if you don't eat your meat?"
Right? [ Chuckles ]
This-- Pink Floyd.
Look. The point is you're blaming me for
something that you did to yourself.
Lori was right about you.
You cannot take responsibility for
anything that goes on in your life.
- Oh, and you can? - I don't
have to. I'm a fuckin' teddy bear.
You know something? I didn't tie you up
and drag you to that party.
All right? I wanted you to come because
you're supposedly my best friend.
You can't stand there and tell
me you haven't always seen Lori
as a threat to our friendship.
I mean, it works out
so much better for you...
when you and I are getting fucked up on
the couch at 9:00 a.m., doesn't it?
Listen to yourself. What am I, Emperor
Ming here, controlling your mind?
That's your choice, John.
And, you know, by blaming me, you're
just making yourself look like a pussy.
You know, sometimes I think back
to that Christmas
morning when I was eight years old--
I wish I had just gotten
a Teddy Ruxpin.
Say that one more time.
Teddy Rux-fucking-pin!
[ Shouts ]
Shit! Shit!
[ Groaning ]
Fuck, man!
[ Both Panting ]
[ Groans ]
[ Shouts ]
[ Coughs ]
[ Screams ]
Fuck!
Cocksucker! Mother--
Fucking stop! Fuck!
[ Groans ]
[ Electricity Crackles ]
[ Coughs ]
[ Sobbing ]
- [ Crying ]
- Why are you crying?
My dick is squished
by the TV. [ Sobbing ]
[ Both Panting ]
I'm s--
I'm so sorry, Johnny.
So am I, man.
I love you.
I love you too.
Listen.
You gotta let me help you
make things right with you and Lori.
There's no putting things right.
She fucking hates me.
No, John. We can--
We can get her back.
Look.
You remember when
you were 10,
and you hit that squirrel
with your B.B. gun,
and then, when we saw it fall from the
tree, we both started crying.
You remember?
And then we ran up to it,
and we tried to give it C.P.R.,
and it came back to life.
John,
we could do that again.
Ted, we crushed its rib cage and blew
out its lungs trying to give it C.P.R.
It died.
Come on. We're going
to the Hatch Shell.
** [ Ballad ]
* And I want to wake up
* With the rain
* Falling on a tin roof
* While I'm safe there
in your arms *
* So all I ask is for you
* To come away with me
in the night *
* Oh
* Come away with me *
[ Cheering ]
- [ Whistling ]
- Yeah!
Thanks. We're gonna take a short break,
but we'll be back in a few.
[ Cheering Continues, Faint ]
Hey, play "Chopsticks,"
you jazzy slut. Teddy!
[ Laughs ]
How are ya?
How you doing,
you fuzzy little asshole?
Well, you know, I'm not
a hot, half-Muslim chick...
who sold 37 million records,
but I'm hanging in there.
- Well, half-Indian, but thanks.
- Yeah, whatever. Thanks for 9/11.
Hey, listen. I want you to meet
a good pal of
mine, all right?John Bennett,
Norah Jones.
Hi. Hi, Norah Jones.
Hey. Hey there, sweaty.
- Oh--
- Um, you ready to bring down the house?
Yes, ma'am. Yeah. Thank you
for the opportunity, Miss Ma'am Jones.
I-I--
Thank you.
Jesus. You look fantastic.
Well, you're probably not used
to seeing me fully clothed.
Yeah, I know, right?
I mean, me and Norah met in 2002...
at a party
at Belinda Carlisle's house,
and we had awkward,
fuzzy sex in the coatroom.
Actually, you weren't so bad
for a guy with no penis.
Yeah, you know, I have written so
many angry letters to Hasbro about that.
[ Cheering ]
Thank you. So, I'm gonna
give my chops a rest...
and bring a friend
up to the stage.
He's gonna sing a song to a special lady
in the audience who he loves very much.
Please give a big hand
to John Bennett.
[ Cheering, Applause ]
Oh, my God.
Holy shit.
Hi.
I gotta fuck her again.
Um, hi.
Uh, my name's John Bennett,
and this is for Lori Collins,
'cause I love you.
[ Man ] Aw!
[ Applause ]
You know, this song
always reminds me...
of the most important
night of my life.
The night we met.
Uh, this is the theme song
from the movie Octopussy.
** [ Soft Jazz ]
[ Off-key, Tentative ]
* All I wanted was a sweet distraction *
* For an hour or two
* Had no intention to do
Still better than Katy Perry.
* Funny how it always
goes with love *
* When you don't look,
you find *
* But then we're
two of a kind *
[ Falsetto ]
* We move as one
[ Crowd Booing ]
[ Off-key Falsetto ]
* We're an all-time high
You suck! Get off the stage!
Oh, come on. Give him a chance.
[ Booing ]
[ Off-key Falsetto ]
* Doing so much more
You're an asshole!
* Than falling-- *
[ Crowd Shouting ]
[ Crowd Gasps ]
Oh, Jesus.
Get that guy.
Hey, buddy.
Someone call an ambulance!
[ Crowd Booing ]
[ Booing ]
You're insane!
I mean, that-- that was insane.Did you see
the way the guy's body hit the ground?
It was like a rag doll.
Yeah, I'd rather
just not talk about it.
You want to go get a drink after this?
Mm-mmm.
I feel like I could use one
after seeing a guy almost die.
[ Clears Throat ] No. I think I'd rather
just have you take me home.
One drink. Come on.
No, not really
feeling up to it.
All right.
All right. I get it.
And, you know, I don't--
I don't blame you.
I mean,
when you think about it,
it was actually really unfair of him
to embarrass you like that.
Wha-- Just to be clear,
I'm not embarrassed.
Listen. John and I may have our problems,
but at least he tried.
[ Chuckles ]
You know what? I-I don't feel like
talking to you about this.
Where you goin'?
Taking a cab.
I'm going home.
[ Farts ]
Finally.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Down here. Not looking up your towel.
Swear to God.
Not looking up your towel.
Not looking at your funny business.
Ted, what are you doing here?
I need to talk to you.
Listen. If you're here to
fight John's battles for him, it's not--
Look. Just let me talk first, all right?
And then you can say whatever you want.
[ Sighs ] Look. John loves you
very much.
More than anything in the world. And he's
falling to fuckin' pieces without you.
You know, he-- All right,
he knows he screwed up huge,
but you gotta believe me,
it wasn't all his fault.
All right? I told him to bail on you that
night at Rex's, and he said, "No."
He said, "No." He was gonna stay there
with you, and I twisted his arm, Lori.
So if you just give him
one more chance,
I promise I will leave,
and I'll never come back.
All right? He'll be all yours.
Ted, that's a really nice offer, but I
don't want you to do that.
This is between John and me,
and I don't think it can be fixed.
Yeah, because of me.
Look. Look, Lori.
You want him to be a man.
All right?
But as long as he's got his teddy bear,
he's always gonna be a boy.
He's waiting
down at Charlie's right now.
So if you go down there
and just talk to him,
I'll be gone
when you get back.
Forever.
And you'll see.
He'll never be scared
of thunder again.
"Michelob Ultra Tuscan
Orange Grapefruit."
My God,
America's imploding.
Hi, Ted.
Fuck.
[ Birds Chirping ]
[ Chattering ]
Lori, what--
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
You can thank Ted.
Should, uh-- Should I sit?
Yeah.
I mean, if you want.
Okay.
So, work's good?
Everything good there?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Work's good.
Well, I guess we can't
make small talk all day, huh?
If it's okay with you, I just want to say
what I want to say.
Right. Look. I could sit here
and tell you I'm sorry,
it was a huge misunderstanding
and I'm ready to change.
But I don't think you want to hear
any of that crap.
I'm not gonna try
to get you to take me back.
I mean, why would you?
I've been a really shitty boy friend for
the last four years. I don't deserve you.
Look. I know I didn't take
our relationship seriously,
but, Lori, I do love you
more than life itself.
Look. All I want is--
I just want to end on good terms.
And I owe that to you.
I want you to be happy. You deserve that.
And I just hope, you know, that maybe
we can still be friends.
Thank you
for being so honest.
Well, that's pretty much it.
Thanks for coming by.
[ Ted Grunting ]
[ Groans ]
Whoa.
Yeah.
As you can see, you've been
a part of our family for quite some time.
Welcome home.
Yeah. I, uh-- It's kind of
funny actually.
I got a lot of pictures
of you guys at my house.
Is he all mine, Daddy?
Yes, he is, my little winner.
Yes, he is.
Ted, you've arrived
at a lucky time.
It's almost Robert's play hour.
Yeah, I'm guessing you guys,
uh, don't have a PS3.
I'm guessing you're more of
a wooden horse with a wig kind of family.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah. No.
[ Ted ]
Yeah, see, there's that guy--
Now, Ted, you belong
to Robert now, okay? You do as he says.
Y-You think you're just
gonna get away with a kidnapping?
- That's a nice fucking example you're
setting-- - Language!
Sorry. Sorry.
That-- Yeah.
You know, Ted,
when I was a little boy,
I saw you on television.
And I thought you were the most amazing,
most wonderful thing I'd ever seen ever.
And I asked my dad if I could
have a magical little teddy bear too,
and he said, "No."
Can you just e-mail me
the rest of this story?
And I was so heartbroken.
And I promised myself
that if I ever had a son,
I would never, ever, ever...
say no to him.
Ever.
You know, maybe "No" to a Snickers bar
every once in a while wouldn't hurt.
Me and Ted are gonna be
best friends, Daddy.
Yes, you are,
my little chipmunk.
Happy playtime.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I said a bad word one time.
Daddy punished me for it.
That's a great story.
I felt like I was there.
Daddy gave me an ouch.
Now I have to give you an ouch.
[ Screams ]
[ Panting ]
All right. All right, kid. You win.
We'll do it your way.
What do you want to do?
You want to play a game?
- It's playtime. Right? We'll play a game.
- Yeah.
I wanna play a game. Good. Good.
Uh, all right. Let's see.
- How about we play a little game of
hide-and-seek? - I love hide-and-seek.
- I'll hide.
- Well, now, hang on a sec there.
Y-Your dad likes you to show good manners,
right, uh, Tubby McFat-Fuck?
Okay. You hide first.
Great. Fantastic. Okay, now you count
to a hundred,
and then you try
to find me, okay?
Okay.
Uh, do I need to wash my hands
before I play this game?
Ye-- No.
[ Stammers ]
That's a weird fucking question.
No, just start counting.
[ Scoffs ]
One, two, three,
four, five,
six, seven--
[ Chair Scraping ]
Okay, no peeking now,
or you'll get kid cancer.
Eight, nine,
10, 11,
12, 13--
[ Grunts ]
** [ Dance Pop ]
[ Gasps ]
* Children behave
* That's what they say
when we're together *
* And watch how you play
* They don't understand
And so we're *
* Running just as fast
as we can *
* Holding on to
one another's hand *
* Trying to get away
** [ Continues, Indistinct ]
* And then you say
I think we're alone now *
[ Clicks ]
[ Groans ]
** [ Continues ]
[ Slurping ]
[ Hinges Creak ]
Hey.
You're walking home alone, huh?
Yeah.
- Do you need a lift?
- Oh, I'm okay.
I mean, if I get raped, it'd be my fault
for what I'm wearing.
Listen, John.
There's something that
I need to say to you too.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
- Hey.
John, I-- I hope that--
Listen, I don't
want you to think that--
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Sighs ]
Sorry.
I want us to keep talking,
because I think that maybe--
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Go ahead. [ Sighs ] Look. Whoever
this is, it's not a good time.
- John, it's me. Can you hear me?
- Ted?
Listen.
I gotta call you back.
No, no! John, John!
Don't hang up. I'm in trouble.
What do you mean?
What kind of trouble?
They got me. That freaky guy
from the park and that kid,
who I think is his son,
but may also be his lover.
- I don't know. - Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Slow down. Where are you?
Uh-- I'm not sure. It's, uh--
[ Click, Dial Tone ]
Hello?
Hello, John?
You're not a very
polite guest, are you?
Shit.
Ted, hello? Ted?
- What's the matter? Is he okay?
- I don't know.
- Well, where is he? - I don't
know. He just said he was in trouble.
Can you call him back?
No, it's blocked.
Oh-- Wait a second.
Fuckin'--
Go. Take Columbus to Herald
and get on the expressway.
Hello, 911?
I need the police right away.
This guy took my teddy bear.
Hello?
[ Ted Grunting ] Let me out of here,
you crazy bastard!
Let me-- Oh, oh.
I hear the fat kid running.
I hear the fat kid running. I bet it's
hilarious. Come on. Let me out of here!
I am a citizen of the United States of
America, and I have rights-- [ Groans ]
Robert, seat belt.
It should be right here
somewhere.
[ Engine Revs ]
Johnny!
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Stop, stop, stop! That's
them! That's them! Turn around.
Stay with him.
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Groans ]
- [ Horn Honks ]
- Hang on.
[ Gasps ]
Back off, Susan Boyle!
- Oh, my God. He's gonna jump.
- Get closer.
- All right. Easy.
- Come on, Ted.
- Oh, shit!
- Yes!
Hey, Johnny!
Total T.J. Hooker, right?
- Yes! Fuckin'-A right!
- [ Laughs ]
[ Brakes Screech ]
Oh, shit!
[ Shouts ]
Go, go, go!
- Daddy!
- [ Groans ]
[ Screams ]
Let's see how well
you know these streets.
Where is he?
[ Screams ]
[ Grunting Softly ]
[ Fabric Tears ]
Jesus.
[ Grunts, Panting ]
[ John ] There he is.
Pull over.
[ Panting ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Grunts ]
Where?
No! You can't have
my teddy bear!
Holy shit.
Sorry. You know, somebody had to go
Joan Crawford on that kid.
Come on.
Ted?
[ Grunts ]
Oh, my God.
Aw, shit.
- [ Gasps ]
- [ John ] Jesus.
Stay here.
No, no, no, no, John!
Just stay there!
[ Grunts ]
You're mine, Ted!
Screw you, pal.
I belong to John Bennett.
But I can give you love...
and rocking horses
and dancing.
I think we're
very far apart on this.
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasping ]
- Ted!
- Johnny!
[ Gasps ]
[ Sirens Wailing ]
- Oh, my God.
- Ted!
John.
Lori, get the stuffing.
Get it all.
[ John ]
Oh, shit.
Johnny.
You're gonna be okay, buddy.
You understand? You're gonna be fine.
[ Gulps ] Jesus. I look like
the robot from Aliens.
No. No, look at me, buddy.
I promise you're gonna be okay.
I-- I don't think so.
I'm, uh--
I'm-- I--
I'm in trouble.
I need-- I need
to tell ya something.
What is it?
Don't--
[ Gulps ] Don't ever
lose her again.
She's the most important--
[ Coughs ]
most important
part of your life.
Even-- Even more than me.
She's your thunder buddy now.
She's--
[ John Breathing Heavily ]
[ Thunderclap ]
I got it!
[ Breathing Heavily ] Baby, I don't-- I
don't know if this is gonna work.
Please, just try.
Oh, come on, buddy.
[ John Breathing Heavily ]
No. No.
[ Sobbing ]
I'm so sorry.
You did everything
you could.
I'm so sorry.
[ Loud Thunderclap ]
[ Birds Chirping ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Exhales ]
- Ted!
- I'm alive, Johnny!
- Oh, my God!
- I'm alive!
- [ Slurring Speech ] Your magical wish
worked! - You're back. I--
[ Slurring ] Yeah, I mean, y-you know,
when you sewed me up,
you put some of the stuffing in the wrong
places, so I'm a little fucked up.
But will you take care of me
forever and ever?
[ Normal Voice ]
I'm just kidding ya.
I thought it'd be funny
if you thought I was fucking retarded.
- You asshole!
- [ Laughs ] Come here, you bastard.
[ Laughing ]
Ah!
Welcome back, Ted.
It was you.
- You did it.
- Son of a bitch.
You wished for my life back.
No. No, no.
I wished for my life back.
I love you.
I love you too.
And I want you to know
that after last night,
I don't ever want to lose
anyone who matters to me ever again.
I'm not gonna wait any longer
for my life to start.
Lori,
will you marry me?
All I ever wanted was you,
John Bennett.
[ Narrator ] And so John, Lori and Ted
lived happily ever after,
having discovered at last...
that all they really needed
was each other.
John and Lori
were married in Cambridge...
by a very special
justice of the peace.
By the power vested in me...
by the New York Jets...
and by the united peoples
of the planet Mongo,
I now pronounce you
man and wife.
You may kiss the bride,
Johnny.
[ Cheering ]
[ Mouthing Words ]
Thanks so much for coming.
My daughter better be alive,
you sick son of a bitch.
I am so fake-happy for her.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Cheering Continues ]
Ah, you know, Sam,
there's only one way
to end a perfect day.
- What's that?
- Flash jump.
Right.
[ Together ]
One, two, three!
Yeah!
** [ Rock ]
[ Narrator ] And that's the story
of how one magical wish...
forever changed the lives
of three very special friends.
Ted and Tami-Lynn continued their
torrid love affair for quite some time.
One afternoon, Ted was caught
behind the deli counter...
eating potato salad
off of Tami-Lynn's bare bottom.
He was instantly promoted
to store manager.
Sam Jones moved back
to Hollywood...
with the goal of restarting
his film career.
He currently
resides in Burbank,
where he shares a studio apartment
with his roommate, Brandon Routh.
Remember Brandon Routh
from that god-awful Superman movie?
Jesus Christ! Thanks for getting our
hopes up and taking a giant shit on us.
Rex was forced to give up
his pursuit of Lori.
Not long afterward, he fell into
a deep depression...
and died of
Lou Gehrig's disease.
Donny was arrested
by Boston police...
and charged with kidnapping
a plush toy.
The charges were dropped
when everyone realized...
how completely stupid
that sounded.
Robert got a trainer, lost a
substantial amount of weight...
and went on
to become Taylor Lautner.